#labels Featured,Phase-Implementation
= Configuration =

<wiki:toc />

== Introduction ==

Here you can find information on how to configure the upload script files. If you want to know more about the functionalities of the script you can look on the [/Overview overview] page.


== The home (resource) files ==

In the home directory you can find two different kinds of resource files, the .webui.rc file which holds information for the webui, and the .upload.rc type files which hold information about the sites you can/want to upload to.


=== The .upload.rc file ===

In the file itself there are already comments with an explanation what the setting is for, however I will explain them here as well:

[Configuration#Configuration back to top]


=== The .webui.rc file ===

In the file itself there are already comments with an explanation what the setting is for, however I will explain them here as well:

{{{
# password to access the webui: required
pass = abcdefg
}}}
the password you will use to log in to the webui, since this file is readable for other users it is recommended that you use a different password then you use in other places.

{{{
# path to downloads dir: required
data = /home/someone/downloads/
}}}
the path to your downloads/data directory, the contents of this directory will be listed in the webui and will be selectable for uploading.

{{{
# default directory sorting type: latest / alphabetically
datasort = latest
}}}
in the webui you can choose to sort by latest or alphabetically, here you can set the default option which will be used when you load the webui.

{{{
# default directory sorting order: asc[ending] / desc[ending]
dataorder = desc
}}}
in the webui you can choose to order by ascending or descending, here you can set the default option which will be used when you load the webui.

{{{
# theme to use: light, dark, custom
theme = dark
}}}
this option is to set the theme/stylesheet being used, by default there are only light and dark to choose from, however if another stylesheet is available in the webui directory you can also use that.

{{{
# show directory size on hover over release: 1 = yes, 0 = no
sizes = 1
}}}
if you set this option to 1 the directory size will be shown when you hover over the release (i.e. 1.37 GiB).

{{{
# print the upload command rather than executing it: 1 = yes, 0 = no
debug = 0
}}}
if you set this option to 1 the upload command will not be executed but it will be printed at the top of the page. This can be used to check if the command is correct.

{{{
# show only these sites in the dropdown: case-insensitive comma seperated list
sites = AO, TV
}}}
here you can choose which sites you want to show in the site dropdown (provided available in the sites array in the settings.php file), if left empty it will show all available sites.

{{{
# sort sites alphabetically: 1 = yes, 0 = no
sitesort = 1
}}}
if you set this option to 1 it will sort the sites alphabetically, if set to 0 it will use the order they have in the settings.php file.

{{{
# sort categories alphabetically: 1 = yes, 0 = no
catsort = 1
}}}
if you set this option to 1 it will sort the categories alphabetically, if set to 0 it will use the order they have in the settings.php file.

[Configuration#Configuration back to top]


== The web files ==

In the webui directory there is only one file you need to edit which is the settings.php file. You can however if you want to add more .css files, this can be easily done by copying either the light.css or dark.css file and replacing the values.

{{{
// list of users: user (string) => settings (array: setting (string) => value (mixed))
// note: ending slash is required for setting uploader
$users = array(
    "user"      => array(
        "uploader" => "/home/user/upload/"
    ),
    "someone"      => array(
        "uploader" => "/home/someone/upload/"
    )
);
}}}
here you have to set which users will have access to the webui. The only parts which need to be filled in are the (ssh) username and the path to their upload directory. The rest of the user's settings will be retrieved from the .webui.rc file.

{{{
// list of sites and categories: site name or abbreviation (string) => categories (array: category (string))
// note: the dropdowns have the same order as entered here unless setting catsort is true
$sites = array(
    "TV"  => array(
        "Appz/0DAY", "Appz/Mac", "Appz/PC-ISO",
        "Game/Packs", "Games/Misc", "Games/NDS", "Games/PC-ISO", "Games/PS3", "Games/PSP", "Games/Wii", "Games/X360",
        "Documentaries", "Episodes/TV-Boxset", "BlurayTV", "Episodes/TV-DVDR", "Episodes/TV-Foreign", "Episodes/TV-XviD", "Episodes/TV-x264",
        "Movies/Boxsets", "Movies/DVDR", "Movies/Foreign", "Movies/MDVDR", "Movies/XviD", "Movies/x264",
        "Packs/Music", "Music/MP3", "Music/Video", "Retro/Music",
        "Packs/0DAY", "Packs/Ebooks", "Requests", "Ebooks"
    ),
    "AO" => array(
        "Movies|HD", "Movies|XviD", "Movies|DVDR", "Movies|Pack", "Movies|Pack-HD", "Movies|XXX",
        "TV|XviD", "TV|HD", "TV|DVDR", "TV|Pack", "TV|Pack-HD",
        "Apps|PC", "Apps|MAC", "Apps|Nix", "Apps|Mobile",
        "Games|PC", "Games|Xbox", "Games|PS3", "Games|Wii",
        "E-Books", "Misc."
    )
);
}}}
here you have to enter which sites and their corresponding categories will be available to be shown in the dropdowns.

{{{
// default theme: light / dark / custom
// note: this will load light.css / dark.css / custom.css
$default["theme"] = "light";
}}}
here you can set the default theme/stylesheet that will be used if the user has not specified one in his .webui.rc file.

{{{
// default show directory size on hover: 1 = yes, 0 = no
$default["sizes"] = 0;
}}}
here you can set the default value if sizes should be shown when hovering over the release (i.e. 1.37 GiB).

{{{
// default directory sorting type: latest / alphabetically (string)
$default["datasort"] = "latest";
}}}
here you can set the default data sorting that will be used when the user hasn't specified one.

{{{
// default directory sorting order: asc[ending] / desc[ending] (string)
$default["dataorder"] = "desc";
}}}
here you can set the default data order that will be used when the user hasn't specified one.

{{{
// default sort sites alphabetically: 1 = yes, 0 = no
$default["sitesort"] = 0;
}}}
here you can set if the sites will be sorted alphabetically if the user hasn't specified it.

{{{
// default sort categories alphabetically: 1 = yes, 0 = no
$default["catsort"] = 0;
}}}
here you can set if the categories will be sorted alphabetically if the user hasn't specified it.

[Configuration#Configuration back to top]