#labels Featured
= Frequently Asked Questions =

<wiki:toc />

== Introduction ==

This page is pretty self-explanatory, here I will post the most frequently asked questions about the `upload` script. If you have any questions you can either contact me on IRC (I'm usually on `irc.p2p-network.net` as `ScarS` however you may find me on other networks under that nick as well), or you can leave a comment with a question.


== Questions and answers ==

Here you will find the the questions and their answers:


=== How do I use the script? ===

More information about how to use the script can be found on the [Overview#Usage usage] wiki page.


=== Do I need root or sudo privileges to use the uploader? ===

No, you do not need root or sudo privileges. If you don't have these you should install the script and other needed binaries into your local `/bin` directory.
If you do not have sudo or root privileges you cannot use `rtorrent_fast_resume.pl` (unless `Convert::Bencode` is installed) or use the WebUI though.


=== Is rTorrent required to use this script? ===

No, `rtorrent` is not required, you could also use some other `*`nix torrent client which supports loading files from a torrents/watch directory. If you do not use `rtorrent` you cannot use `rtorrent_fast_resume.pl` though, however that client may have an alternative way of dealing with skipping a hashcheck.


=== Could you add a default resource file for my site? ===

Sure, just post a new [http://code.google.com/p/upload/issues/entry issue] and leave the proposed `.upload.rc` (where `upload` is replaced with your site abbreviation) and array for `settings.php` for the WebUI and I'll add it.