= .webui.rc =

== Introduction ==

Here you can find information on how to configure the .webui.rc file. In the file itself there are already comments with an explanation what the setting is for, however I will explain them in a bit more detail where possible.


== The .webui.rc configuration ==

{{{
# password to access the webui: required
pass = abcdefg
}}}
the password you will use to log in to the webui, since this file is readable for other users it is recommended that you use a different password then you use in other places.

{{{
# path to downloads dir: required
data = /home/someone/downloads/
}}}
the path to your downloads/data directory, the contents of this directory will be listed in the webui and will be selectable for uploading.

{{{
# default directory sorting type: latest / alphabetically
datasort = latest
}}}
in the webui you can choose to sort by latest or alphabetically, here you can set the default option which will be used when you load the webui.

{{{
# default directory sorting order: asc[ending] / desc[ending]
dataorder = desc
}}}
in the webui you can choose to order by ascending or descending, here you can set the default option which will be used when you load the webui.

{{{
# theme to use: light, dark, custom
theme = dark
}}}
this option is to set the theme/stylesheet being used, by default there are only light and dark to choose from, however if another stylesheet is available in the webui directory you can also use that.

{{{
# show directory size on hover over release: 1 = yes, 0 = no
sizes = 1
}}}
if you set this option to 1 the directory size will be shown when you hover over the release (i.e. 1.37 GiB).

{{{
# print the upload command rather than executing it: 1 = yes, 0 = no
debug = 0
}}}
if you set this option to 1 the upload command will not be executed but it will be printed at the top of the page. This can be used to check if the command is correct.

{{{
# show only these sites in the dropdown: case-insensitive comma seperated list
sites = AO, TV
}}}
here you can choose which sites you want to show in the site dropdown (provided available in the sites array in the settings.php file), if left empty it will show all available sites.

{{{
# sort sites alphabetically: 1 = yes, 0 = no
sitesort = 1
}}}
if you set this option to 1 it will sort the sites alphabetically, if set to 0 it will use the order they have in the settings.php file.

{{{
# sort categories alphabetically: 1 = yes, 0 = no
catsort = 1
}}}
if you set this option to 1 it will sort the categories alphabetically, if set to 0 it will use the order they have in the settings.php file.